 Thank you very much. I'll start again. Thank you very much. This is the Army Springfield meeting agenda for April 8th of 2025, a committee of a whole starting at exactly 1 p.m. I like to do the introductions. When I self-immaropathicitarian into my right and descending order is deputy mayor Glen Fuel, Ward 1. Ward 2 is Andy Kaczynski. Next will be Ward 3 Mark Miller. Next will be Ward 4. Excuse me, Melinda Warren. I wonder if we'll go to the approval of the agenda. Is there any amendments or deletions to that from council? I see none. Then I get a shawl hands and those in support. You know how this is carried. We'll go to the approval of the minutes. That's a committee of the whole minutes from the last time. There'll be a march to the other. Any additions, deletions to the minutes at all. And I see none. I'm just going to show hands those in support. The annum is in this period. Then we'll go to and finish a business. First one will be a 6.1. That's the use of firearms by law. A draft use. Any discussions on that, at all? Yes. So this came to council at a previous committee of the whole. There was just a few suggestions on this. So we've brought back some changes. They've been tracked in the bylaw. So council can see what's changed. There was a request to define center fire rifle ammo. So that has been included there. Other changes. We talked about the shooting range and shooting gallery. So there's a slight change that says does not include shooting gallery was removed. Because that is proposed within the new zoning bylaw. So we've removed that. We've just removed high powered. Because now we're just talking about center fire rifle. So there's a few places where high powered, powered rifle is removed. And then just some sections of the numbering had to be updated. So you'll see some numbering change. And then a slight change to add and the discharge of a firearm is not occurring in game areas 34A or 38. So that was added in. There is also discussion on the very last page about fine amounts that they may be were too low. So we did look at comparables and have suggested some increases those fine amounts. So that's the bulk of the changes that we went with after initial discussions with council. Thank you. Any discussions from council with regards to the amendments from our last March 11th. I see none. So we'll bring this back to a future council meeting for council to give first reading. And then if there's any other changes we want we can initiate those. Okay. Then we'll go to 6.2. That's incitely bylaw. Same process with this. This was brought to council at a few or at a previous committee of the whole meeting. A ton of changes on this one. There was a comment made on page. I guess six of the document. We're talked about regular outdoor burning the smoke of which causes a nuisance to a joining properties. Because we have that addressed in our fire bylaws. We just decided to take this out instead of trying to explain what regular outdoor burning would mean. So we just felt that it was easier to take it out of this bylaw altogether. And then the second document is the offense schedule. And I know there were some comments on whether these were appropriate fine amounts. I think specifically with the unsightly bylaw we try to get people to work with us. So the point is not to find people. We always want to kind of get them to work with us willingly to correct the change. So we were satisfied with the fine amounts for this bylaw. Thank you. Any questions from council at all. I think that's well done. Then we'll go nothing else on the agenda except for item seven that closed the meeting. If I get a mover and second go into a close meeting. Glenn and Patrick. Then we'll go into close meeting at exactly one of five PM. Everybody puts it on. Thank you. I'm going to come out of a close meeting at one thirty eight. And I'm going to move her in a seconder to come out of a close meeting. I'd lend them Patrick. And we discussed legal matters. What a conduct there. And we're prepared to adjourn at. One thirty eight PM. Thank you.